hi beauties how are you good morning
today is Saturday and I hope you're
having a blessed day spending time with
your family and friends having a good
time worryfree stress-free just enjoying
the day basically come into an outfit of
the day this is just the outfit to let
you know that you can't look jazzy and
snazzy over the weekend I always have to
get you know dressed up but she can look
nice and still be a diva so today I'm
going to port author to see my
mother-in-law actually and we'll
probably spend time and enjoy food
laughs and all the other stuff okay so I
want to be comfortable while I was
getting there are driving there so I'm
wearing a dress my husband actually
bought my distress and I want it for him
because he just loves it on me so I'm
gonna wear black he bought it I want to
say for one of our engagements I'm not
sure Oh for my birthday they got it from
forever 21 and he's surprised me because
he's a very not playing guy but he's
been you know he is very conservative so
for him to buy this for now it's very
flattered so my lip is honey love by mac
and the lip liner is fun I have just
regular studs on I got this make a
necklace from the target this is my last
day for my box braids I want to take
them out and condition my hair
well and get them redone next week but
they're going to do real you know much
bigger so here's my outfit so it is a
leopard tube top it is an appropriate
length for those are a little bit more
conservative to me you can always put on
a jacket or layer with the cardigan or
you know something to fit your style but
it's hot in Houston so I would like to
be comfortable and cool and i have the
class on just regular silver flip flops
no heels I know so this is my outfit you
know just something very casual and cool
and thats its i hope you like it again
you can alter it to your liking and as
if you want to cover it up or alter it
to be a two-top you can get it cut its
different ways that you can do it so
it's up to you but I hope I came with
something today that may help you or
encourage you to think outside of the
box I love you guys so much thanks for
the support and compliment someone today
and I always say that but people really
don't do it or take the time to do it
but take two seconds to compliments
online rather be your husband your
sister someone that you see on the
street just give them a compliment
because you never know what they're
going through okay they can put a smile
on their face and just make them feel
more a beat okay I love you guys and
I'll talk to you soon